MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 CK Technology & GhostNV Contributors

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

## Dual Licensing for Kernel Module Components

When compiled as Linux kernel modules, certain components of this software 
may be subject to GPL v2 licensing requirements as specified in individual 
source files.

---

## Third-Party Components

This project incorporates and builds upon the open-source GPU kernel modules
released by NVIDIA Corporation under the MIT and/or GPL v2 licenses. 
See COPYING and individual source files for specific licensing terms.

The original NVIDIA open-gpu-kernel-modules project can be found at:
https://github.com/NVIDIA/open-gpu-kernel-modules

---

## Attribution

This project ("GhostNV") is developed by CK Technology as an independent fork 
and enhancement of open-source GPU driver components. It is not affiliated with, 
endorsed by, or sponsored by NVIDIA Corporation.

CK Technology is committed to advancing open-source GPU driver technology for 
the Linux ecosystem. This software is provided freely to the community because 
NVIDIA on Linux deserves fully open-source solutions.

All product names, logos, and brands are property of their respective owners.
Use of these names, logos, and brands does not imply endorsement.